insights docs: update size and order limitation (#45491)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/code_insights/explanations/current_limitations_of_code_insights.md

_Limitations that are no longer current are [documented at the bottom](#older-versions-limitations) for the benefit of customers who have not yet upgraded._

> ## Dashboard position and size does not persist
> 
> You can resize and reorder charts on the dashboard for the purpose of taking a screenshot or presenting information, but that order will revert on a page refresh.
> 
> If the ordering of insights is important, you can remove and then re-add the insights in the order you'd like via the add/remove insights to dashboard flow. 
> 
> If the size is important, you can use the single-insight view page to consistently view an insight at a larger size, reachable from the context three dots menu on the insight card under "Share". 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Insight chart position and size do not persist

You can resize and reorder charts on the dashboard for the purpose of taking a screenshot or presenting information, but that order will revert on a page refresh.

If the ordering of insights is important, you can remove and then re-add the insights in the order you'd like via the add/remove insights to dashboard flow. 

If the size is important, you can use the single-insight view page to consistently view an insight at a larger size, reachable by clicking the insight title or from the context three dots menu on the insight card under "Get shareable link". 

```
